feat: use skill icon in level up embed (#119)
pajlads/DinkPlugin: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> - Minor: Use relevant skill icon for level up notification embeds. (#119)

Reviewer: Do we want to smaller cosmetic changes like this too?

```suggestion
- Minor: Use relevant skill icon for level up notification embeds. (#119)
- Minor: Change Discord Webhook Slayer notification icon from the Slayer skill icon to the Slayer Helmet icon. (#119)
```

Author: Can consider consolidating/generalizing since it's a small cosmetic change

```suggestion
- Minor: Update embed icons for level up and slayer task notifications. (#119)
```

Reviewer: I'm happy with your suggestion @iProdigy - thoughts @Felanbird ?
